GDPR Policy Statement

We do not wish to collect, store or use your personal data.
We are only collecting and storing your personal data because the government has asked us to do so to support COVID-19 NHS test and trace.
We will collect the minimum amount of personal data - i.e. your name and phone number
We may pass this on to the NHS test and trace team, if they reqest data from us.
We will not pass it on to anyone else.
We will make every reasonable effort to store the data for the minimum time practically possible.  
The government have requested data to be stored for 21 days.  We will delete your data from our servers shortly after the 21 days is up.
The data will be stored on Amazon Web Services Virtual Private Cloud Servers.
If you have a query about the personal data that we hold on you, please email shinymenu.online@gmail.com

GDPR Checklist

Lawful basis and transparency

1. Conduct an information audit to determine what information you process and who has access to it.

Response: Personal Information: Name and phone number as given by customer at point of order.  Only accessible by the server adminsitrator.

2. Have a legal justification for your data processing activities.

Response: Requested by government.

3. Provide clear information about your data processing and legal justificiation in your privacy policy.

Response: See policy above.

Data security

4. Take data protection into account at all times, from the moment you begin developing a product to each time you process dataa.

Response: Done.  Record minimum, store safely, restrict access, don't pass on to anyone other than relevant government agency, delete in a timely fashion.

5. Enrcrypt, pseudonymize, or anonymize personal data wherever possible.

Response: Stored behind AWS server login.

6. Create an internal security policy for your team members, and build awareness about data protection.

Response: See policy above.

7. Know when to conduct a data protection impact assessment, and have a process in place to carry it out.

Response: If policy should change or a complaint be raised or an incident occur an impact assessment will be carried out.

8. Have a process in place to notify the authorities and your data subjects in the event of a data breach.

Response: Will notify the Information Commissioner's Office within 72 hours.

Accountability and governance

9. Designate someone responsible for ensurity GDPR compliance across your organization.

Response: Matt Salisbury (there is only me and it's not much of an orgainsation!)

10. Sign a data processing agreement between your organization and any third parties that process personal data on your behalf.

Response: Not applicable

11. If your organization is outside the EU, appoint a representative within one of the EU member states.

Response: Not applicable

12. Appoint a Data Protection Officer (if necessary).

Response: Not necessary.

Privacy rights

13. It's easy for your customers to request and receive all the information you have about them.

Response: Email contact is in GDPR policy statement above.

14. It's easy for your customers to correct or update inaccurate or incomplete information.

Response: Email contact is in GDPR policy statement above.

15. It's easy for your customers to request to have their personal data deleted.

Response: Email contact is in GDPR policy statement above.

16. It's easy for your customers to ask you to stop processing their data.

Response: Email contact is in GDPR policy statement above.

17. It's easy for your customers to receive a copy of their personal data in a format that can be easily transferred to another company.

Response: Email contact is in GDPR policy statement above.

18. It's easy for your customers to object to you processing their data.

Response: Email contact is in GDPR policy statement above.

19. If you make decisions about people based on automated processes, you have a procedure to protect their rights.

Response: Not applicable
